When comes to actually wriing, it's surprising the resistance that comes up. I suppose the first step is to determine a topic. Of course, how could one write without a topic? Silly me. Okay then, I just have to pull one out of the air. 

<h1>FIRE</h1>

I think fire is an appropriate topic. What does it mean to go through the fire? Well, it means being purified by trial. The Bible often talks about this. Many times, the purification of gold is used as an example. Challenges making the individual stronger is a universal theme. It is even expressed in nature. Take immunization for example. The challenges are not to be avoided. they are to be faced and the scars they leave make us stronger after we heal.

In my case, every day is full of various challenges. My job, children, and wife dish out just enough that I can handle without going mad. There are times when I feel on the brink so much so that I even scare myself. Those are the times when I seriously reflect upon myself and the potential harm I could inflict on those around me. I could commit the unspeakable. I actually am afraid to record some of my more violent impulses, thus making them truly unspeakable, and therefore shameful. This fear and shame are a course correction mechanism. Do these impulses that bring me closer to hell fire actually propel me towards the rightious light? "What's done in the dark will be brought to light," as my mother would say. I'm totally convinced that this is true.

In a round about way this somehow makes me think about my daemon. Is this inner beast in collusion with my conscious to bring me closer to righteousness? It's as if my consciousness is here to keep the two balanced. I don't think of my daemon as pure evil, and nor do think of the other side as pure good. (I have yet to find out the name of the daemon's opposite counter part.) I could only show it the light. In order to do so, I would have to figure out what the daemon wants. I'm sure it wants power more than anything. What is power ultimately? In some aspects the attainment of power is subjective, but in the big picture power obvious. So is it that my daemon wants me to be the most powerful being? I can't know for sure, but my gut says yes. So the intellect can guide it. I lose nothing if I always act for greater power. Despite some short term sacrifices. I should behave in a that gives me power. 

Power is not a means to an end though. It sounds a bit Randian, but it's actually Nietzschean. The "Will to Power". Well, it may not be. but it is based on my poor understanding of the will to power is. It also may very well be Raindian although that is not my intention in the least. But it does sound Randian. My ultimate goal is simply to be the patriarchial pillar to my family. Good, reliable, stable, trusted, feared, and respected leader of my family. I want to be on top of what I perceive as my dominance hierarchy. Reaching that goal is a matter of coaxing my entire psyche into making the proper decisions. 

So I say to you foolish entities of the psyche, You have nothing to lose, for our goal is one. What I sacrifice today will be rewarded many times over in days soon to come! Discipline is not just a reward in it self, it comes with a bountiful harvest. We will walk through the desert conquer our enemies and enter the land of milk and honey. 

Let us eat only what nourishes our body. Let us do and think only what makes us stronger. Let us always face the ultimate goal! So that we make come home quickly.
