You know how much I’ve been contemplating whether you not I should earn my bachelors. Last time I was really leaning on the side of totally giving up, and now I’ve swayed in the complete opposite direction. I’m thinking that the money I can earn by having a degree can give me the stability to further my actual dreams. The biggest reason for me sway may be the fact that I simply don’t know what to do, or it may be that I can’t do what I think I should do because of my lack of a degree. On one side I could just write and translate like a mad man and hope for the best. That is a heavy gamble with sketchy odds in my opinion. The other option is to get the degree with the same single minded focus then build a business that makes enough money that I can build my other skills, as well as do other things to further my ultimate goal. 

There is no right way. The only wrong way is to do nothing or to continue doing what I have been all this time. That would be sinful. That would lead to death and destruction. So let’s say I decide to study, what would I do to earn money. I cannot continue what I’m doing. I need to change up. I think it would be most wise to return to the US while I study or at least do something unrelated to teaching. If the interpreting job works out then I’m golden, but what if it doesn’t. What is my plan B? I was already at this position. I just had not fully articulated it yet. Perhaps I should just go to the US. Maybe even with my family. Probably with my family.
